good to all guys and girls and
welcome to a new video this time
I'm going to teach something that makes you
illusion to many of you because I
you have asked a lot of times
the server must first have everything
which is the pp server as we all know
there is a server on which the league of
legends that left it
which leaves you to try characters
skins new game modes that are going to
take out for the main server and the
which are available in this
server before they leave for
detect problems with their textures or
books or errors in general do not know everything
what can happen to you in this video there is in
this video in this character can
arrange based on the witness that is
take out with this with this server
so if you are understanding me to see
the td server is more or less the same
I have an eyelash here I will show you
for example this vale you get 40,000 is
when you enter the server that is not
can transfer to your original account
ok you can not transfer what I say
because many people when they entered the
server I saw you had a lot of
setbacks told me give me an aspect not
I know what I can not do is that you can not
because you try to send these herpes and
you can not because you can send them to
someone from this server but it's not the
same as much as you have registered
from europe or you have already requested
this is an external server
apart from everything they were alone
completely alone
the server is the same this is a
oldest version of the technical place
jones why now we do not have it
that's a little different and they give you
40,000 and represent if I remember correctly
and many countries so you can have
all the characters and all the
new corners that they take out at the same time
that is to say, the ones that they take out at the moment
all new
they cost a single pine a erp a
pine so you can buy them with a
pay and the kuriles in case they have some
problem before taking it out
well well up here very well now
you will ask how you do it for
register here so very simple
you enter the league of legends dotcom
and it detects me that I'm in the
west europe area that's why I'm in the
West is worth if you want in Spanish
you enter in Spanish
then here in community you have to
enter public beta environment
once we are in the beta environment
public explains what TV is and what
purpose they want you to enter here in
the pd voucher tells you
you in English is limited access
from the english jenson of the players we
helps detect new content
experiments are we going that you help them to
to detect books and things like that it's worth not
there are problems in the main server
so what you should do is put
I just want to help
Once you press, I want to help, it's worth
they put on hold and you make a request
ok in which the application tells you
received and you're done, you should not do anything
it's better to say now
if you are chosen to have the server that
they will send you an email in which
you go to phase 3 that you're going to create a
mind you can put the sticks again
of password I do not know what I know and
then in test you get off at the
server ok you go to these server
What are they
the dicom legends but different is worth you
you have to go back down as if you
you would download the disco fleiss es
normal but it's another then there starts
session with what you have created here and
It is done
now if you have to have many
but what a lot of patience what more
you need patience because to receive
this can happen up to years as I say
uppercase years ago yo
March yes I think it was in March February
March 2014 request four accounts
ok I had four users request to
four have only given me at the end of a
year and something that I say I have not passed
a year almost a year I have been given one the
three others are still waiting that is to say
they give some but not to have so many
problems of acc and things of these not
they give so many accounts they might give you
or not, but the bread sure that you
they are going to give but the end of two years or
something like that if they see you continue with the game
signal that they will give it to you so
patience and in the end you can give it
well you know what the server is
what's the use if you want
try a champion before it comes out
well this is perfect that you want
skin program to buy it at your
main server the purchase is here that
they do not spend anything and then if I am
you spend the money on the server
main but I'm telling you in capital letters
also do not say that he sends you some
skin
from here because I can not I can not
send a skin from this server to
your or mine can not even mine
main vale and then here is a the
bestial is worth on this server in the
Beast at least I'm in in
europe this server is located in
america and from here to there as there
a lot that the two Americans
surely they must have a lot of good
coverage because they have it close but
we have a lot of luck
if you are from outside because you are from
Latin America
in series of Latin America from your
page of your going to enter Latin
american art
from here and we will have the problem
that in here it does not appear, you see that
you do not appear do not worry because what
The only thing you have to do is enter
the European server is worth I suppose
will want to enter Spanish
in Europe of this Spanish and once
you're in here you just have to go to
community and public sales environment
but first you must have logged in
If you do not have a session in Europe
You must register as you did in your
server in Latin America but as not
you have it then you registered you start
session and then you go to community and in
environment of public sale and here then
here you do the same thing I want to help and
until you want
you want from america you understand the
English then then giving from
North America you will have much more good
coverage
and will go perfectly public of time
warner vale there are only these Europeans
and that of North America that have the
pe access server so guys if
you register is through these
then you can if I do not feel it much
but to wait for it to be enabled for
your server but you can also
access has gone where you are from this
way it's worth so nothing guys if I go
to say goodbye here I hope that I have
served as help
It is worth having patience to obtain it and
Nothing I hope you liked to give to
there are favorites subscribe to the face if you
I like the content and nothing recommends
share it with your friends and even the
next
goodbye